OUR STORY...

This all started when there was a new admission in class 8th .

A boy who was very rude and annoying and the girl was a bit self centered. Small fights stated between them which
changed into big ones but it all landed in a very sweet bond of friendship.

Both of them were in their own egos. But they came close when there was a inter school house competition "SCIENCE EXHIBITION".
This was the time when they started understanding each other better. They stared talking to each other and started spending more time.
And yes they WON!!!

Now this event was over everything was back to normal but there relation changed a bit.

in 9th class, summer vacations started and their call durations increased. They came more closer when one more girl came into the scene and started liking the boy. But the boy was not at all interested (I hope so). This incident also made their bond stronger.

In vacations they joined coaching together there itself the girl got a phone call and they got to know that their project was selected foe regional level science exhibition, which was to be held in jaipur. They both were very excited . they went their together. There they made many memories and cherished every moment. they result of the exhibition was still awaited......
But they both were not expecting their name at all, but again the result was in their favour. They got selected for nationals. For an instance they both were numb. LIKE REALLY!!! THEY WERE SELECTED?? But yes they were.. Then there they wacthed there first movie together which was "ek tha tiger"That trip was also over but their fights were unending. There was not even a single day when they didn't fight.

As the time passed they both were off to delhi for their nationals. That trip was amazing ,from there they became best friends and their bond became unbreakable. There they even shared their all secrets and almost talked on every dirty topic. That trip also ended.
Now they were very close and shared every thing with each other.

After 10th boards exam "KOTA HAPPENED".
For further coaching they went there ,initially they talked very less, as each one of them wanted to focus on their carriers. One year passed and in this one year they met just once.
But as time passed the again started talking, they always kept motivating each other for studies, they again started coming close.
For boards they studied together. Everything was going good they both were enjoying each others company.

One night on 14th feb it was almost 4:00am in morning during a sweet conversation about the novel "HALF GIRLFRIEND", the boy proposed the girl and the girl....she said YES... They both were confused that what are they doing???
After tow days they met but none of them spoke anything, as they were friends, best friend but now everything has changed, but their fights were still on.
As time passed started getting normal and their relationship stated strengthening. They gathered many sweet memories their in kota, specially in IL.

But no it was time for their seperation. The boy got his college and the girl was still preparing for medical entrance. This was really very tough time for both of them specially for the girl.
Boy got new friends, new life but everything was so monotonous for the girl she was expecting that the boy should give his all time to her. But this was not possible then.
there were many ups and downs but they were strong enough to handle them all.
The boy gave his 110% to support her emotionally so that she can study. He did every possible thing to make her fell happy so that she can study.
Then almost after one year they both met each other on December 24th they had a good time the lived every moment. They both were happy.
But again there was a bad time when girl's mother got to know about there relation, they both stood strong and dealt with the situation together. That bad time passed away and all these hurdles made their bond unbreakable.
They again met after almost 1 year on 17th december.


They are now completing 3 years of togetherness on 14 feb 2018.
All their ups and down have made their relation even stronger. They both share a very pure bond which is above all.
They both trust each other blindly and love each other madly. They wish to live together forever and make each other happy in every possible way.
They both wish to marry each other and live happily ever after. But the fights are still on and will never stop.
